Runt Update (#23)
LemurianAdventureGuild/wiki: npcs/guild/penelope.md

# Penelope

> Penelope is an 18-year old who is "under the guild's protection", per Wendy. She was raised by the Syndicate. [Runt](runt) freed and hide her from them until guildmembers later retrieved and brought her to the guild.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Penelope is a young woman who looks late teens to early twenties, though she acts quite childish. She is "under the guild's protection", per Wendy. She was raised by the Syndicate. [Runt](runt) freed and hide her from them until guildmembers later retrieved and brought her to the guild.

```
